Allow omitting JS resources on templatetag call (#94)
lemonsaurus/django-simple-bulma: README.md

stylesheets will then be generated using the variables at that key.

To use these stylesheets in a template, pass the theme name to the `{% bulma %}` tag either as a

> string `{% bulma 'alt' %}` or as a template variable `{% bulma theme %}`. When calling the `bulma` template
> more than once in the same document, you may want to pass `include_js=False` as well to prevent duplicate
> loading of JavaScript resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
string `{% bulma 'alt' %}` or as a template variable `{% bulma theme %}`. When calling the `bulma` template
more than once in the same document (for example for implementing a dark theme switch), you will want to pass `include_js=False` to 
at least one of these to prevent duplicate loading of JavaScript resources.
```
Giving an example here seems to make it more clear what the point of this is.
